Regent-FFT update (#2)
StanfordLegion/regent-fft: README.md

# Regent-FFT

> [![Regent-FFT Tests](https://github.com/arjunkunna/regent-fft-arjun/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/arjunkunna/regent-fft/actions/workflows/master.yml)

Reviewer: Please update the link here.

Author: Updated

This is a fast fourier transform library built in Regent.

## Description

At a high level, the library takes the input matrix for the DFT in the form of a
region, and saves the output in an output region.

The library currently supports transforms up to 3 dimensions, and can be
configured to run on either a CPU or a GPU.

The CPU mode is supported by [FFTW](https://www.fftw.org/), and the GPU mode by
[cuFFT](https://developer.nvidia.com/cufft).

Both Complex-to-Complex and Real-To-Complex transformations are supported.

Both `complex64` and `complex32` types are supported in GPU mode. CPU mode is
only able to support `complex64`. It is possible to use `complex32` in CPU mode

> but it requires some additional setup - please contact me if that is of

Reviewer: Since this is merging into an upstream repo, let's say something like "please submit an issue if that is of interest".

Author: Edited this.

interest.

Batched transforms are also supported. 

## Getting Started

### Installing

First, make sure you have Regent installed. (If you are using Sapling, please refer to the [Sapling guide](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/sapling-guide)). Note that you will want to load the following modules instead:

```shell
module load slurm mpi cmake cuda llvm
```

Otherwise, refer to the Regent installation instructions [here](https://regent-lang.org/install/) or the Legion ones [here](https://legion.stanford.edu/starting/).

Then, clone the repo:

```shell

> https://github.com/arjunkunna/regent-fft.git

Reviewer: Update URL.

Reviewer: Also, might as well write this out:

```
git clone ...
```

Author: Edited

```

Next, run the install script and add environment variables:

```shell
./install.py
source env.sh
```

Then, run your `.rg` script, which can be set up using the instructions in the
'Executing Program' section:

```shell
../legion/language/regent.py test/fft_test.rg
```

If operating in sapling, the following flow will likely be typical for subsequent usages:

```shell
ssh <username>@sapling.stanford.edu
module load slurm mpi cmake cuda llvm
srun -n 1 -N 1 -c 40 -p gpu --exclusive --pty bash --login
<navigate to your .rg file>
source env.sh
../legion/language/regent.py test/fft_test.rg
```

## Usage

> ### Executing program

Reviewer: Title Case?

Author: Updated title case throughout Readme

There are 4 possible modes:

1. GPU vs. CPU
2. Complex-to-Complex vs. Real-to-Complex
3. Float vs. Double (Float only supported in GPU mode)
4. Batched mode (supported for all of the above)

API usage generally follows the following steps.

First, an FFT interface has to be generated depending on the type of transform
you hope to do. Then, we:

- create a plan,
- execute the said plan, and then
- destroy the plan once we are done.

There are several sample code snippets in the `fft_test.rg` file for reference
as well.

> #### 1. Link the `fft.rg` file and generate an interface

Reviewer: Instead of "link" I would say "import"

Reviewer: Also, I see this is not in Title Case? For consistency should we match the rest of this file?

Author: Edited and made title case

> - The first argument is the dimension - `int1d`, `int2d`, or `int3d`.

Reviewer: Minor nit but I'd use a colon `:` instead of a dash here.

Author: Edited

- The second argument is the data type of the input - `complex64`, `complex32`,

>   `real`, or `double`.

Reviewer: Do you mean `float` instead of `real`?

Author: Yep, thanks - edited this

> - The third argument is the data type of the input - `complex64` or `complex32`.

Reviewer: Output? I assume it is not input again.

Author: Thanks for the catch - edited as well

mode: 1 in non-distributed mode, `N` in distributed mode where `N` is
the number of nodes.
There are several sample code snippets in the `fft_test.rg` file for reference
as well.

To initialize in non-distributed mode:
#### 1. Link the `fft.rg` file and generate an interface

- The first argument is the dimension - `int1d`, `int2d`, or `int3d`.
- The second argument is the data type of the input - `complex64`, `complex32`,
  `real`, or `double`.
- The third argument is the data type of the input - `complex64` or `complex32`.

```lua
local fft = require("fft")
local fft1d = fft.generate_fft_interface(int1d, complex64, complex64)
```
var p = region(ispace(int1d, 1), fft1d.plan)

#### 2. Make a plan

`make_plan` takes three arguments:

1. `r`: input region
2. `s`: output region
3. `p`: plan region

```lua
fft1d.make_plan(r, s, p)
```

**Important:** `make_plan` overwites the input and output regions `r`
and `s`. This is mandated by FFTW, which Regent FFT uses on CPUs. In
order to avoid overwriting data, the user must either initialize the
plan prior to loading the regions with data, or else must create a
temporary region (of the same size and layout as the real one) for use

> in initialization.

Reviewer: It looks like this note got deleted, but as far as I know it is still true. So we should probably be careful to keep it.

> array will have fieldspace `complex64`.

Reviewer: Field polymorphism allows you to pass fields in larger field spaces as well.

Author: Added a comment to note this

> to execute it in a separate task, they must wrap the task themselves

Reviewer: Missing period at end of sentence.

Author: Added

> #### 3. Execute the plan

Reviewer: Title Case?

Author: Edited

> on the GPU (unless the parent task is running on the GPU). Therefore, in most
> cases, it is necessary to use `execute_plan_task` if one wants to use the GPU.

#### 4. Destroy the plan

When a plan is no longer needed, it can be destroyed:

```lua
fft1d.destroy_plan(p)
```

### 5. Batched Transforms

To illustrate how to perform a batched transform, let us use the example where you want to perform 7 batches of a 256 x 256 transform. 

> In this case, the user creates a 3D interface:

Reviewer: Well it wouldn't be a 3D interface if the transform is 256 x 256?

Author: I've modified the language here a bit: "Since the transform is a 2D one, the user creates a interface with `itype` of dimension N+1: in this case, an `int3d`. The last dimension is used to store the number of batches."

I didn't think there was an easy way to get around the fact that they have to use an `itype` of size `N+1` if we want to use the same API / interface -- the last dimension is the no. of batches -- but let me know if you feel otherwise

```
local fft3d_batch = fft.generate_fft_interface(int3d, complex64, complex64)
```

The input and ouput regions should be 256 x 256 x 7 arrays: i.e., the last dimension is the number of batches. The plan region remains the same as before:

```
var r = region(ispace(int3d, {256, 256, 7}), complex64)
var s = region(ispace(int3d, {256, 256, 7}), complex64)
var p = region(ispace(int1d, 1), fft3d_batch_real.plan)
```

The key difference is that we call `make_plan_batch` instead of `make_plan`

```
fft3d_batch_real.make_plan_batch(r, s, p)
```

Then, we execute and destroy as in the regular case.

```
fft3d_batch_real.execute_plan_task(r, s, p)
fft3d_batch_real.destroy_plan(p)
```

As you can see, the main points of differentiation from the regular transform API is that we input a region of dimension `n+1`, where the final dimension is the number of batches, and use `make_plan_batch` instead of `make_plan`

Please also refer to the `test3d_batch` and `test3d_batch_real` examples in `fft_test.rg` for reference.

> Batched transforms are supported on both CPU and GPUs, for 1 and 2 dimensions. For GPUs, both real-to-complex and complex-to-complex tranforms are supported (for both `complex32` and `complex64`). For CPU, only `complex64`-to-`complex64` transforms are supported currently.

Reviewer: And 3 dimensions?

Author: Updated - we now support 3 dimensions and require Regent to be build with the MAX_DIM = 4 flag

```
fft1d.destroy_plan(p)
fft3d_batch_real.make_plan_batch(r, s, p)
```

In the distributed API:
Then, we execute and destroy as in the regular case.

```
fft1d.destroy_plan_distrib(p, p_part)
fft3d_batch_real.execute_plan_task(r, s, p)
fft3d_batch_real.destroy_plan(p)
```

Note: these are both `__demand(__inline)` tasks, and
`destroy_plan_distrib` will internally perform an index launch to
destroy the plans on each node.
As you can see, the main points of differentiation from the regular transform API is that we input a region of dimension `n+1`, where the final dimension is the number of batches, and use `make_plan_batch` instead of `make_plan`

Please also refer to the `test3d_batch` and `test3d_batch_real` examples in `fft_test.rg` for reference.

Batched transforms are supported on both CPU and GPUs, for 1 and 2 dimensions. For GPUs, both real-to-complex and complex-to-complex tranforms are supported (for both `complex32` and `complex64`). For CPU, only `complex64`-to-`complex64` transforms are supported currently.

## Future Developments

**Important:** like `make_plan_distrib`, the index launch issued by
`destroy_plan_distrib` must be mapped so that each point task runs on

> the node where the plan was originally created.

Reviewer: Seems like this didn't make it into the final version? Also I'm not sure if the new README has any discussion of distrib plans and their implications at all.

Author: Item 3 on my todo list

Author: Added commentary on distrib plans and added this comment back in too

> features that may be helpful.

Reviewer: Batch transforms are done now?

And same note about using issues for feature requests.

Author: Edited

> ## Version History

Reviewer: I'd move this into a separate file called `CHANGES.md`.

Author: Done

# Regent-FFT

[![Regent-FFT

> Tests](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft/actions/workflows/master.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tests](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft/actions)
```

> This is a fast fourier transform library built in Regent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a fast fourier transform (FFT) library built in Regent.
```

## Description

At a high level, the library takes the input matrix for the Discrete Fourier

> Transform in the form of a region, and saves the output in an output region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regent-FFT takes the input matrix for the discrete fourier
transform (DFT) in a region, and saves the output in an output region.
```

The library currently supports transforms up to 3 dimensions, and can be

> configured to run on either a CPU or a GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configured to run on either CPUs or GPUs.
```

The CPU mode is powered by [FFTW](https://www.fftw.org/), and the GPU mode by
[cuFFT](https://developer.nvidia.com/cufft).

Both Complex-to-Complex and Real-To-Complex transformations are supported.

Both single-precision and double-precision modes are supported i.e. both `float`
/ `complex32` and `double` / `complex64` types.

Batched transforms are also supported.

## Getting Started

### Install

First, make sure you have Regent installed. (If you are using Sapling, please

> refer to the [Sapling guide](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/sapling-guide)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to the [Sapling guide](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/sapling-guide).)
```

> Be sure to install with `MAX_DIM=4` flag enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to install with `MAX_DIM=4` (for Make) or `-DLegion_MAX_DIM=4` (for CMake).
```

> Note that you will want to load the following modules instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that on Sapling you will want to load the following modules:
```

```shell
module load slurm mpi cmake cuda llvm
```

Otherwise, refer to the Regent installation instructions
[here](https://regent-lang.org/install/) or the Legion ones

> [here](https://legion.stanford.edu/starting/).

Reviewer: This seems a bit redundant with the above? I think we only need to mention installation once.

Author: Removed this.

Then, clone the repo:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft.git
```

Next, run the install script and add environment variables:

```shell
./install.py
source env.sh
```

Then, run your `.rg` script, which can be set up using the instructions in the
'Executing Program' section:

```shell
../legion/language/regent.py test/fft_test.rg
```

If operating in sapling, the following flow will likely be typical for
subsequent usages:

```shell
ssh <username>@sapling.stanford.edu
module load slurm mpi cmake cuda llvm
srun -n 1 -N 1 -c 40 -p gpu --exclusive --pty bash --login
<navigate to your .rg file>
source env.sh

> ../legion/language/regent.py test/fft_test.rg

Reviewer: I personally feel like we've said enough about Sapling at this point and should cut these instructions.

Author: Removed.

```

## Usage

### Execute Program

> There are 4 possible modes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regent-FFT supports four distinct axes of usage:
```

1. GPU vs. CPU
2. Complex-to-Complex vs. Real-to-Complex
3. Float vs. Double

> 4. Batched mode (supported for all of the above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Single vs. Batched
```

API usage generally follows the following steps.

First, an FFT interface has to be generated depending on the type of transform

> you hope to do. Then, we:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you want to do. Then, we:
```

I hope we can do better than let users "hope" to use this. 😃

- Create a plan,
- Execute the said plan, and then
- Destroy the plan once we are done.

There are several sample code snippets in the `fft_test.rg` file for reference
as well.

> #### 1. Import `fft.rg`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 1. Import `fft.rg` and Create the FFT Interface

To generate a specific instance of the library, use `fft.generate_fft_interface(...)`.
```

> - The first argument is the dimension: `int1d`, `int2d`, or `int3d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first argument is the index type of the input and output region: `int1d`, `int2d`, or `int3d`. This also tells the FFT interface what dimensionality to expect.
```

There are several sample code snippets in the `fft_test.rg` file for reference
as well.

#### 1. Import `fft.rg`

- The first argument is the dimension: `int1d`, `int2d`, or `int3d`.
- The second argument is the data type of the input: `complex64`, `complex32`,
  `float`, or `double`.
- The third argument is the data type of the output: `complex64` or `complex32`.

```lua
local fft = require("fft")
local fft1d = fft.generate_fft_interface(int1d, complex64, complex64)
```

### Initialization
#### 2. Make Plan

Like many FFT libraries, Regent FFT requires the use of *plans*. Plans
are specific to the sizes of the input and output regions being used,
as well as the machine node the plan is initialized on. Currently *the
enforcement of these assumptions is the responsibility of the user*.
`make_plan` takes three arguments:

The way that a plan is initialized depends on the usage mode. In
general, plans are stored in a region which is managed by the
user. The plan region may be a subregion and need not start at zero,
but it must contain at least a number of elements depending on the
mode: 1 in non-distributed mode, `N` in distributed mode where `N` is

> the number of nodes.

Reviewer: I think the original text here describes a lot of useful information that I would prefer not to lose. The new text describes the arguments but it doesn't say why things are the way they are or where things need to go. Please go back through this and find a better way of integrating the new and old so we're not losing information.

Author: I added these paragraphs back in , in the 'make plan' section

> the region is the type supported by the transform - e.g, in a real-to-complex

Reviewer: I don't have a strong opinion but you capitalized `real-to-complex` elsewhere in this README. Whatever you pick, let's be consistent about it.

Author: Switched to Real-To-Complex everywhere

> [here](https://groups.google.com/g/legionusers/c/yvQa8BE6QD0/m/_1cL_w-aAAAJ) is

Reviewer: There should be examples of this in the Regent test suite. Let's find one of those instead of a mailing list post.

Author: Swapped this out for a link to the regent test suite: https://gitlab.com/StanfordLegion/legion/-/blob/master/language/tests/regent/run_pass/call_task_polymorphic1.rg

> `fft.rg` for description of plan fieldspace):

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need users to be aware of what goes in `fft.plan`? Users are not intended to modify it directly.

Author: That's fair. I removed this part.

var p = region(ispace(int1d, 1), fft1d.plan)
```

> `make_plan` is a `__demand(__inline)` task. This means that if the user wants it
> to execute it in a separate task, they must wrap the task themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every task in the Regent-FFT interface provides two versions: one which is
`__demand(__inline)` and one which is just a regular task. Here, these are
called `make_plan` (for inline) and `make_plan_task` (for a task). Users
should pick the appropriate version depending on whether they want to launch a
new task or not.
```

Author: Accepted change

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> `make_plan` overwrites the input and output regions `r` and `s`. This is
> mandated by FFTW, which Regent FFT uses on CPUs. In order to avoid overwriting
> data, the user must either initialize the plan prior to loading the regions
> with data, or else must create a temporary region (of the same size and layout
> as the real one) for use in initialization.

#### 3. Execute Plan

Next, we execute the plan. This takes the same 3 regions as mentioned above.

```lua
fft1d.execute_plan_task(r, s, p)
```

Note that `execute_plan` is a `__demand(__inline)` task (similar to `make_plan`
above). The task `execute_plan_task` is simply a wrapper around `execute_plan`

> for convenience, to avoid needing to define this explicitly.

Reviewer: Could remove now if you take my suggestion above.

Author: Removed

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Because `execute_plan` is a `__demand(__inline)` task, it will never execute
> on the GPU (unless the parent task is running on the GPU). Therefore, in most
> cases, it is necessary to use `execute_plan_task` if one wants to use the GPU.

#### 4. Destroy Plan

When a plan is no longer needed, it can be destroyed:

```lua

> fft1d.destroy_plan(p)

Reviewer: I think we should be consistent and call the same version for each usage of the API we're showing. So `make_plan`, `execute_plan` and `destroy_plan`; or `make_plan_task`, `execute_plan_task` and `destroy_plan_task`.

We should probably make a point about being consistent about what you do: because the processor that runs `make_plan` should probably be the same processor you `execute_plan` and `destroy_plan`.

Author: In the readme, I now call `make_plan`, `execute_plan` and `destroy_plan` for the regular version and `make_plan_distrib`, `execute_plan_distrib` and `destroy_plan_distrib` for the distributed version. Also added that note about being consistent.

```

#### 5. Batched Transforms

To illustrate how to perform a batched transform, let us use the example where

> you want to perform 7 batches of a 256 x 256 transform.

Reviewer: Before we tell users how to do it, we should first tell them what a batched transform is.

Author: Added the line in: "Batched transforms allow users to perform multiple transforms of the same size simultaneously, in a 'batch'."

Since the transform is a 2D one, the user creates a interface with `itype` of

> dimension N+1: in this case, an `int3d`. The last dimension is used to store the

Reviewer: Didn't we change this so that the user supplies `N` and we internally add one to get `N+1` for the batched size?

Author: I have now fixed this: the user supplies N, along with a flag indicating whether it is a batch transform or not, and we internally add a dimension if needed

The input and output regions should be 256 x 256 x 7 arrays: i.e., the last
dimension is the number of batches. The plan region remains the same as before:

```lua
var r = region(ispace(int3d, {256, 256, 7}), complex64)
var s = region(ispace(int3d, {256, 256, 7}), complex64)
var p = region(ispace(int1d, 1), fft3d_batch_real.plan)
```

The key difference is that we call `make_plan_batch` instead of `make_plan`

```lua
fft2d_batch_complex64_complex64.make_plan_batch(r, s, p)
```

Then, we execute and destroy as in the regular case.

```lua
fft2d_batch_complex64_complex64.execute_plan_task(r, s, p)
fft2d_batch_complex64_complex64.destroy_plan(p)
```

As you can see, the main points of differentiation from the regular transform
API is that we input a region of dimension `n+1`, where the final dimension is
the number of batches, and use `make_plan_batch` instead of `make_plan`

Please also refer to the `test_2d_complex64_to_complex64_batch_transform` and
`test_2d_double_to_complex64_batch_transform` examples in `fft_test.rg` for
reference.

Batched transforms are supported on both CPU and GPUs, for 1, 2 and 3
dimensions. Both single-precision and double-precision real-to-complex and

> complex-to-complex transforms are supported.

Reviewer: This basically says we support all possible combinations. Therefore, I think we can just skip this.

Author: Removed this.

#### 6. Distributed Mode

The API also supports a distributed mode, where every machine in a distributed

> job executes an independent FFT of the same size.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is actually true? If you partitioned the input/output regions non-uniformly I think everything would work fine.

Author: I think I took this from the 'implementation notes' section of the original readme. I removed the 'of the same size' portion in any case, so hopefully this is accurate now.

To initialize in distributed mode, we might do the following (we have `n` 1-D
`complex64` to `complex64` transforms of size 3):

```lua
var n = fft1d.get_num_nodes()
var p = region(ispace(int1d, n), fft1d.plan)
var p_part = partition(equal, p, ispace(int1d, n))
var r = region(ispace(int1d, 3*n), complex64)
var r_part = partition(equal, r, ispace(int1d, n))
var s = region(ispace(int1d, 3*n), complex64)
var s_part = partition(equal, s, ispace(int1d, n))
fft1d.make_plan_distrib(r, r_part, s, s_part, p, p_part)
```

Note the use of `get_num_nodes` to determine the size of the `p` region and

> partition. The task `make_plan_distrib` is a `__demand(__inline)` task that
> internally performs an index launch over the machine to initialize `p`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
partition. The task `make_plan_distrib` is a `__demand(__inline)` task that
internally performs an index launch over the machine to initialize `p`
(i.e., it will launch one `make_plan_task` per subregion of the inputs).
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Like `make_plan`, `make_plan_distrib` overwrites the input and output regions
> `r` and `s`.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> In order for the distributed API to work correctly, it is essential that each
> task in the index launch inside of `make_plan_distrib` is mapped onto a
> separate node. This ensures that when the region `p` is used later, there is a
> plan for every node in the machine.

If there are partitions `r_part` and `s_part` that are distributed around the
machine, one might do the following to execute the plan:

```lua
__demand(__index_launch)
for i in r_part.colors do

>   fft1d.execute_plan_task(r_part[i], s_part[i], p)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  fft1d.execute_plan_task(r_part[i], s_part[i], p_part[i])
```

Very important!!! Otherwise you will get memory corruption.

end
```

Note: `execute_plan` is a `__demand(__inline)` task (as described above). The
task `execute_plan_task` is simply a wrapper around execute_plan for
convenience, to avoid needing to define this explicitly.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Because execute_plan is a `__demand(__inline)` task, it will never execute on
> the GPU (unless the parent task is running on the GPU). Therefore, in most

> > cases it is necessary to use `execute_plan_task` if one wants to use the GPU.

Reviewer: I think we've said these before? Can remove.

Author: Removed .

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> While `execute_plan_task` may be executed on the GPU, the contents of the `p`
> region must still be available on the CPU, because the plans must be used by
> the host-side code to launch the FFT kernels. Therefore, when
> `execute_plan_task` is mapped onto the GPU, it is very important to map the

> > `p` region into zero-copy memory.

Reviewer: Feels like this goes elsewhere?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/StanfordLegion/regent-fft/assets/13012603/4fd7d58f-8e86-44a6-9964-7e375ed5e465)
I moved this up to the execute plan section.

Lastly, to destroy the plan:

```lua
fft1d.destroy_plan_distrib(p, p_part)
```

> [!NOTE]
>

> > This is a `__demand(__inline)` task, and `destroy_plan_distrib` will
> > internally perform an index launch to destroy the plans on each node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As with `make_plan_distrib`, `destroy_plan_distrib` will
> internally perform an index launch to destroy the plans on each node.
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>

> > like `make_plan_distrib`, the index launch issued by `destroy_plan_distrib`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Like `make_plan_distrib`, the index launch issued by `destroy_plan_distrib`
```

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> While `execute_plan_task` may be executed on the GPU, the contents of the `p`
> region must still be available on the CPU, because the plans must be used by
> the host-side code to launch the FFT kernels. Therefore, when
> `execute_plan_task` is mapped onto the GPU, it is very important to map the
> `p` region into zero-copy memory.

Lastly, to destroy the plan:

```lua
fft1d.destroy_plan_distrib(p, p_part)
```

Note: these are both `__demand(__inline)` tasks, and
`destroy_plan_distrib` will internally perform an index launch to
destroy the plans on each node.
> [!NOTE]
>
> This is a `__demand(__inline)` task, and `destroy_plan_distrib` will
> internally perform an index launch to destroy the plans on each node.

**Important:** like `make_plan_distrib`, the index launch issued by
`destroy_plan_distrib` must be mapped so that each point task runs on
the node where the plan was originally created.
> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> like `make_plan_distrib`, the index launch issued by `destroy_plan_distrib`
> must be mapped so that each point task runs on the node where the plan was
> originally created.

> ## Caveats

Reviewer: These caveats still apply (mostly). We support GPUs now but I think everything else I wrote here originally is still applicable.

Author: Added these caveats back (except for the GPU one)

> Please submit an issue if there are specific features that may be helpful.

Reviewer: I'd just go back to the to-do list we had before and not commit roadmap plans into a README.

Author: I assume you mean the 'missing features' list above. I added that back in, and thus removed these lines

## Future Developments

  * FFTW's planner is *not thread-safe*, but this isn't currently
    protected by a lock in the Regent wrapper.
Next items in the pipeline include distributed transforms across multiple nodes.
Please submit an issue if there are specific features that may be helpful.

  * FFT operations are backed by FFTW, so at the moment the run
    CPU-only and only on a single node. (OpenMP is hypothetically
    possible, but I haven't tested it yet.)
## Authors

  * Optimization: Currently we take the approach of "always measure"
    with FFTW. This isn't even an option with cuFFT. Should this be
    exposed?
- Elliott Slaughter (<slaughter@cs.stanford.edu>)
- Arjun Kunna (<arjunkunna@gmail.com>)

  * Missing features:
      * strides
      * batches
      * complex32
      * backwards
      * split

>       * real

Reviewer: Let's update the feature list instead of removing it.

Author: Updated to remove batches, complex32, and real - kept the rest

>   website](https://legion.stanford.edu/starting/).

Reviewer: We've said this multiple times so do we still need this here?

Author: Removed.
